This is the first iteration of attempting to document my progress of becoming
a better computer scientist.

The goal of this is to try to document what I learn every day, but also
document what I have accomplished or done that day. Someone told me this is a
good progress to keep track what you are getting done. 

Ideally this repository would contain my organized work of my personal
projects, school work, or whenever I do extracurricular activities that are
related to computer science like KU's Artificial Intelligence (AI) club,
KU's Association for Computer Machinery, or KU Super Computing Club.

This would also make me look like a person who is productive when I actually
am really slow at getting things done. I hope this can help me get some nice
internships.. those are hard to come by these days.

WHAT I DID TODAY:
	- Attend 2nd half of KUxFBI Cybersecurity Conference (yesterday I
	  attended the first half)
	- Completed my Lab6 for my Operating Systems course
	- Set up a GitHub repository for daily personal documentation
	- Attended AI Club

WHATS OF MIND:
	- There's a hackathon coming up tomorrow hosted by the AI club, we are
	  to have an already prepared poker bot.. i have not started yet
	- I want to start developing the GUI for my personal mobile app
	  project, this app can be thought of as a productivity app.
		- This app will keep track of the time usage of all the apps
		  on phone
		- users (though it will mainly just be me, im not partiularly
		  interested in uploading this on the Google PlayStore) will
		  set a time per hour, the app will force the user to collide
		  with friction or have to send a one-time-password (OTP) to
		  phone number that will allow them to use the apps
		- I will probably resume the project on Friday (4.3.26)
	- I would like to somehow paste my lab6 project to this day,
	  considering if i should put the entire project and just highlight
	  the changes and what my general thought process was throughout the
	  project.
	- Considering using Obsidian, the note taking app, to take these notes
	  instead of just creating .txt file and using vim to edit it.
TAKEAWAY:
Experiment is good.
